What is a guy use and what kmax.
Now in this video you'll be working up with the categories section OK so you can see that if I just
go to the men McCraven in the category of the T-shirts you can see that we have two subcategories that
is men and the other one is women.
So if I want to show the subcategories here instead of these products here in this category what I want
to do what I have to do I have to just go to this added category section right here or I can just go
to display here I can go to the dashboard OK.
And then here I can go to the appearance and then categories.
OK so try the products and then category.
So here we can work with it.
So here what I have to do I have to just click here edit.
OK.
It will take me to the edit page.
The next thing what you can do is that you can just click click here.
Added category.
OK.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to come here to the display type and then I have to select subcategories.
Because the display type is the products is what it was default to default.
OK so default is just going to show the products.
OK.
So if we choose products it's going to show the products default is basically product itself.
And if we choose some categories here and there may be updated.
Okay.
And then I just come here and I just refresh this then he will see will show subcategories like in the
T-shirt it is showing that men.
So if I just click here in the man then he can see that man is here.
And then I have three products and that is men.
So this is how the category works.
And if I just choose that it should show both of the things then I have dated and then I come here and
then I refresh this.
Then you will see that men is coming here and the products as well are also coming so do not use the
bolts one.
OK you can go with the normal one that means that the subcategories will only show.
It will show the subcategories.
It all works like a charm so that if you just add a moment then here would be the form in itself as
well.
OK.
But do not.
Who said that.
OK so I'll be just going up the default one because I want to show all the products in it.
I don't want to show the navigation here.
I can instead I can create a menu for that for that like men and the form in itself in the morning section
OK so you can see everything is up and running and everything is totally coming here on my website.
OK.
So now we're a bit down the category section.
OK you guys have the knowledge of everything.
And you guys can now understand how everything works.
OK.
So now we will be working up for the checkout stuff OK.
We will be working over that check out that how a person can check out and how a person can fit it in.
But before doing that we want to work for them anyway.
So let's just go to the menu we're a here and let's just work to the menu.
I'm going to show you that how can you create a menu for your e-commerce based Web site.
So let's just say it many one
OK let's just create minium and then we can see there is right here.
You need to add the home first.
OK.
This is where I want to assign this to primary menu first.
OK so now let's go ahead and let's see if our menu is up and running.
Here we go.
This is wrong.
Now let's come here.
The first thing we have to do is that we need to add a shop.
We need to add a cart and then we need to add the My Account as well and the checkout card is already
here so we don't want to show it let's come here and let's just sit at too many and you can see that
it is already here.
So I need to bring the shop under this.
OK we have my account and my checkout should be below here.
So let's just say it saved money.
If you don't want to show the check out just remove it because a person can just go to card and then
check it out so you don't have to show it.
So we just have the home shop and the My Account page.
OK.
So everything is up and running.
If I just click here the card and if anything is in the card then the person can directly click and
he will be taken to the Cziko page itself so you don't have to add that.
But first what we have to do is that Vieni to create a page where they would show all the categories
that we have.
OK.
So how are you going to do that.
Just have to come here to dashboard.
OK.
And then we need to create it.
So the page that I want to create is that I will name it as all categories.
OK.
So let's just say it all and then listed all categories
this page is going to show all the categories that we have.
But we need to add a code here so that it crab's the category.
What does it go to.
You just have to come here and then you have to head if you commerce short gourdes.
OK.
And then you have to click here and then this is the here they can see that this is how it is coming
so I'm just going to click here.
OK let's just click this one this link instead of that
let's go back let's just click here and we have the official view commoner's.
OK.
So this this court is going to show the card.
This court is going to show the check out this court is going to show them my account page and this
show is going to show the order tracking form.
So let's go back.
Let's go down let's go down and we have the products one right here.
OK.
So now let's go down let's go down till we have the categories so you can see will display a specified
product category.
OK best selling will display the best selling products.
OK show featured products you can show it like this.
Visibility's equals featured.
And these are the short gourds that we can add.
OK.
So first let's just come here.
And we want to go to the product category will display a specified product categories and display all
your product categories so I just want to add the categories all the categories so I'm just going to
come here I'm going to copy this and I'm going to come here and I'm going to paste it.
So this is the chord that is going to show all the categories that my page has.
And I'm going to hit publish.
And now if I just go here to view this page and then you can see how all the categories are coming.
So we have non-super Hoodie's super Hoodie's T-shirts man and hoodies and everything is coming here
so you can see everything is totally up and running.
So now this is the thing that we have to focus on.
And this is the attribute how you can how you can design this thing according to this.
OK I'm going to explain you right now.
But first what I have to do I just want to come here and I want to remove the sidebar so I don't want
to show the sidebar here so I'm just gonna click full of it and I'm going to hit update trade now.
And you can see that this trial bar should have been removed.
If I just come here and then you can see this.
There is no sidebar but we have the four columns instead.
I want to show five column so what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to come here and you can see that it's these columns so this is the attribute that I
can add in my category.
OK.
I'm just going to click edit bays and let's open this up in a new tab.
Ok then here I want to add a column C or L U M and S.
Ok let's check the spelling from here.
OK.
And then here we have to add an is equal to.
And then let's see if we also have to add the double quotes here.
So we have to add the double.
OK let's just come here and
Gollum's and then we have to add the double quotes double codes.
OK.
And then here we have to add five.
So now let's go ahead and let's get up date and let's see if this works or not.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to every first this so you can see this is totally up and running.
This is coming exactly.
Now we have the order by.
We have the S-K use we have that category and then we have the class so add adds and then each team
old Reppert clus you can modify the specific output that customs uses on sale at best selling and top
rated.
So you can see you can just customize it if I want to order.
OK.
So orders states are the product ordering is ascending or descending using the third set an order by
default to accept.
So if you wanted to order any of the product by the data you need the manual ordered the popularity
and the random.
So if I just select it to be like order by and random then you will see if I just refresh.
You can see that this is coming like non-super Hoodie's on top and everything is this.
But if I just come here and I just come here and I just said order by is equal to do.
And then this And then I want to add the random.
So let's just see what is the random This is Rand.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit this and I'm going to hit enter and.
OK and now let's hit a beat.
So now let's come here and let's refresh this and you'll see these categories will be randomly assigned.
OK.
Here we go.
If I just refresh it again these categories will be randomly assigned.
OK if I just refresh it here again this is how it works.
OK.
This is Autor by Rand.
And then we have the reading so you can reading but this will not be applied to the categories.
OK so the categories are different.
You can just work with the columns you can work with the limits but you can not break with these Otterbein
by stuff much.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit move.
OK so these these will work perfect for the product itself.
So for products you can just so for the products.
OK.
And then you have to select like ID.
And then there you can show it.
So this is how it's going to work.
Now let's come here and here you can see that we also want to add this page.
Let's just come here and let's see we also want to add this speech to our menials.
I'm going to go here.
I mean it's just going to refresh my mind you were here.
OK.
And then here you will see if I just click view all this is the all categories page.
I also want to add this.
So this is here I'm just going to drag it right above any can see this is here.
OK what I want to do right now I want to add Devu commerce categories so
OK.
We'll see if we have product categories.
This is the one you have to just come here to the screen options and then you have to select the product
categories and this will appear right here.
I'm going to come here I'm going to click here and now I'm going to drag these categories from here.
So first I need the in all categories I need all one.
So let's just select all and too many them.
So these must be added to the menu.
You can see OK what I want to do right now I want to just print your tray here.
This is the subcategory.
And then I want to bring the men here.
This is more some of this I wanted to bring the zipper Hoodie's here and the non-Labor Hoodie's here.
OK let's just say it all.
So I also wanted the Hoodie's sections.
Let's just sit here.
Let's just sit at too many and let's just bring it here and let's make it the subtitle of this
so you can see that we have all categories as the mean.
Then we have T-shirts and then we have them in.
So I also wanted the woman in the mat in the room an area.
So let's just bring here.
Drag it and drop it here.
OK.
And everything is totally up and running so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit Savery now.
And you can see that if I just come here and I just click here.
Then you will see how this is going to look.
So we have all categories.
We have two categories coming.
We have T-shirts and then we have the men and women.
And then we go down to Hoodie's we have this like this so you can pretty well create categories like
this.
If you have a big e-commerce online store like if we go to Amazon you have like men and we have shirts
like accessories Banse and something like that so you can create it yeah you just have got the idea
that I was going to marry it and if I just go to all categories and it's going to show all the categories.
So this is how it works.
OK.
And if you don't want any page right here you just want a sub menu.
Then how can you work with it.
OK.
What you have to do you have to just come here.
And then you have to say you have to come here to the custom legs.
OK.
And then the customer thinks you need a hash only.
And then you have to click all categories.
OK.
And then what you have to do you have to just sit at two men.
And then here you need to bring this right above here.
And then I have to just come here and I have to move this so you can see everything is right here.
I'm going to bring this up here and I'm going to bring this here so you can see now this is the custom
link.
OK.
And no one can click here.
Like this if I just come here and I just threw Frances and you can see this is not a sign if I just
click here.
Nothing works.
But this is basically a menu right here.
So this is how it works.
OK so now you can see that we are also done with the menu of the category.
This is totally up and running.
We can just worry that a short gorges.
Well OK and we can work with them so we can show the product category we can show that featured products
we can show that some sale products and we can also show the best selling products in everything.
OK.
So here you can see that everything is totally up and running OK.
Now here OK.
What if we've designed this ourselves.
OK.
If I want to design this page myself how I am going to do this.
If you don't want to use the default one.
OK we can design this ourself.
We don't have to buy the pro version we can just go with this.
We're going to show sell products again just come here and then we can show the sale products and we
can add the heading on sale in the next video.
I'm going to show you how can you design your home page yourself and how can you not use this one.
OK.
So this will basically give you an experience that how can you work with it.
And then we'll be working up at the checkout Deb..
So Stadion guys and goodbye.